[Music]
hello my hands i'm leanna vana and
welcome to WonderCon 2012 it's finally
convention season and WonderCon is a
great one to kick off this year of shows
I know you guys come to all the nerd
girls so let's see all that wonderful on
have stopper and find us comic-con hi
[Music]
hi I'm first name Stephen last name
Mortimer you can find me on YouTube
flash 2012 is real
after seeing Roland Emmerich's 2012 I
realize I need to spread the word that
the apocalypse is coming apocalypse
thank you
make sure to stay tuned in from Phoenix
Comicon they always put on an amazing
show damn sexy news for all you vampires
looking for the perfect vacation you can
find more information at Van sexy calm
and of course the one and only San Diego
comic-con and anime revolution in
Vancouver Canada you can get more
information about that event at anime
revolution dot CA
[Music]